Update description of openByDefault (#688)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/ux/fields/grouping/alternatives/_index.en.md

### openByDefault

Open the group in editing mode by default. The following values are allowed:

| Value   | Description                                                                                           |
| ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| "first" | If there are prefilled values in the group, the first item will be opened in editing mode by default. |
| "last"  | If there are prefilled values in the group, the last item will be opened in editing mode by default.  |

> If there are no items in the group already, a new item will be added and is opened in editing mode (applies to both values of `openByDefault`). Note that this cannot be used with `"mode": "showAll"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no items in the group already, a new item will be added and is opened in editing mode (applies to both values of `openByDefault`). Note that this setting has no effect when used with `"mode": "showAll"`.
```
